Day 2: Operators

Tasks/Activities:

Activity 1: Arithmetic Operations

Task 1: White a program to add two numbers and log the result to the console Task 2: White a program to subtract two numbers and lng the result to the consate

Task 1: Write a program to multiply two numbers and log the result to the comole Task 4: Write a program to dinde two numbers and tog the result to the console

Task 5. Write a program to find the remainder when one e number is divided by another and lng the result to the console

Activity 2. Assignment Operators

Task 6: Use the operator to add a number to a variable and ing the result to the console

Task 7. Use the operator te subtract a number from a variable and log the result to the console.

Activity 3: Compartoon Operatars

Task & White a program to compare two numbers using and and tog the result to the console Task 9. Write a program to compare two numbers using and and tog the result to the console.

Task 10 wite a program to compare two numbers using and and log the result to the console

Activity 4: Logical Operators

Task 11. Write a program that uses the 64 operator to combine two conditions and log the result to the console

Task 12. Write a program that uses the 11 operator to combine two conditions and ing the result to the comale Task 13: Write a program that uses the operator to negate a condition and lag the result to the console

Activity 5. Ternary Operator

Task 14: Write a program that uses the ternary operator to check if a number is positive or negative and log the result to the console

Feature Request

1. Arithmetic Operations Script, write a script that performs basic arithmetic operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, remainder) on tos numbers and logs the results 2. Comparison and Logical Operators Script: Create a results script that compares two numbers using different compartsan operators and combines conditions ining ingical operators ligging the

1. Ternary Operator Script: Write a script that uses the ternary operator to determine if a number es positive or negative and logs the result
